README.md, before:

The example consists of an A/B test comparing the performance of two variants of a webpage. A NodeJS server serves these variants behind a feature flag using Split's NodeJS SDK. The webpages are built with Webpack and utilize Split RUM Agent to capture performance metrics such as page load time and Web Vitals.

One of the webpage variants (treatment 'on') includes performance optimizations, while the other (treatment 'off') doesn't. For example, the 'on' variant loads the RUM agent using dynamic imports and is built with Webpack's "production" mode, which minifies the code. In contrast, the 'off' variant loads the RUM Agent synchronously, blocking the page load, and is built with Webpack's "development" mode that doesn't minify the code by default.

An automation script navigates the page multiple times, generating events and impressions for both treatments.

# How to run

This example assumes you have set up a feature flag in an environment, with traffic type 'user' and two treatments: 'on' and 'off'.

1. Take a copy of `.env.example` and re-name to `.env`.
2. Add your Split SDK keys and feature flag names to `.env`.
3. Run `npm install` to install dependencies.
4. Run `npm run serve` to build the app and start the server. The Web page will be served at `http://localhost:3000/?id=<user-id>`, where `<user-id>` is a unique identifier for the user, used by the Split SDK to bucket the user into a treatment.
5. Run `npm run automation` to run the automation script. The script can take some time to complete, as it will generate events and impressions by navigating to the webpage multiple times with different user IDs, using [Puppeteer and Chrome](https://www.npmjs.com/package/puppeteer). You can grab a coffee. :)
6. Open the Split UI, click on a feature flag's Metrics impact tab, and analyze the metric results. You can click 'View more' on a Metric card to visualize metric measurements. See more about the ["Metrics impact tab"](https://help.split.io/hc/en-us/articles/360020844451-Metrics-impact-tab).

![Split UI](./screenshot.png)

# Contents

- `/client`: source code of the web application and its two variants.
  - `/client/index-on.js`: entry point for the optimized variant, served for treatment `on` of the Split feature flag provided to the `FEATURE_FLAG_OPTIMIZE_PAGE` variable (after creating this flag in the Split UI, you provide the flag name in your `.env` file).
  - `/client/index-off.js`: entry point for the default variant, served for treatment `off` of the `FEATURE_FLAG_OPTIMIZE_PAGE` Split feature flag.
- `/webpack.config.js`: Webpack configuration to build the two variants of the application.
- `/dist`: built static assets of the application, generated by Webpack.
- `/server/index.js`: source code of the NodeJS server that implements the endpoint `GET /?id=<user-id>` that serves the two variants of the application behind a feature flag.
- `/automation.js`: automation script to run Puppeteer, navigate to the application and generate events and impressions.

# Script

- `npm run dev`: starts Webpack with watch flag and NodeJS server with Nodemon, so that the application is rebuilt and the server restarted on file changes in the `/client` and `/server` folders respectively, for development purposes.
- `npm run build`: builds the two variants of the application.
- `npm run serve`: builds the two variants of the application and starts the NodeJS server.
- `npm run automation`: runs the automation script.

# Tutorial

This version of the code was used to create the [blog](https://www.split.io/blog/): 'Instant feature impact detection for webpage performance: Split’s hidden gem'. Since you are already peering into the code, check it out and see Split's powerful IFID capabilities!

Commit message:

Split Suite (#1)
Switch from using @splitsoftware/browser-rum-agent npm package to using @splitsoftware/browser-suite (on the client).
Additional changes:
* use split suite on the client to evaluate the image_size feature flag, rather than passing the treatment as a url parameter
* update readme

README.md, after:

The example consists of an A/B test comparing the performance of two variants of a webpage. A NodeJS server serves these variants behind a feature flag using Split's NodeJS SDK. The webpages are built with Webpack and utilize Split Browser Suite (and internally Split RUM Agent) to capture performance metrics such as page load time and Web Vitals.

One of the webpage variants (treatment 'on') includes performance optimizations, while the other (treatment 'off') doesn't. For example, the 'on' variant loads Split Suite using dynamic imports and is built with Webpack's "production" mode, which minifies the code. In contrast, the 'off' variant loads Split Suite synchronously, blocking the page load, and is built with Webpack's "development" mode that doesn't minify the code by default.

An automation script navigates the page multiple times, generating events and impressions for both treatments.

# How to run

This example assumes you have set up a feature flag in Split UI, with traffic type 'user' and two treatments: 'on' and 'off'. (The name of this feature flag should be provided to the `FEATURE_FLAG_OPTIMIZE_PAGE` variable in your `.env` file.)

1. Take a copy of `.env.example` and re-name to `.env`.
2. Add your Split SDK keys and feature flag names to `.env`. (Defaults will be used for any flags that are not created in Split UI or named in the `.env` file.)
3. Run `npm install` to install dependencies.
4. Run `npm run serve` to build the app and start the server. The Web page will be served at `http://localhost:3000/?id=<user-id>`, where `<user-id>` is a unique identifier for the user, used by the Split SDK to bucket the user into a treatment.
5. Run `npm run automation` to run the automation script. The script can take some time to complete, as it will generate events and impressions by navigating to the webpage multiple times with different user IDs, using [Puppeteer and Chrome](https://www.npmjs.com/package/puppeteer). You can grab a coffee. :)
6. Open the Split UI, click on a feature flag's Metrics impact tab, and analyze the metric results. You can click 'View more' on a Metric card to visualize metric measurements. See more about the ["Metrics impact tab"](https://help.split.io/hc/en-us/articles/360020844451-Metrics-impact-tab).

![Split UI](./screenshot.png)

# Contents

- `/client`: source code of the web application and its two variants.
  - `/client/index-on.js`: entry point for the optimized variant, served for treatment `on` of the feature flag identified by `FEATURE_FLAG_OPTIMIZE_PAGE`.
  - `/client/index-off.js`: entry point for the default variant, served for treatment `off` of the feature flag identified by `FEATURE_FLAG_OPTIMIZE_PAGE`.
- `/webpack.config.js`: Webpack configuration to build the two variants of the application.
- `/dist`: built static assets of the application, generated by Webpack.
- `/server/index.js`: source code of the NodeJS server that implements the endpoint `GET /?id=<user-id>` that serves the two variants of the application behind a feature flag.
- `/automation.js`: automation script to run Puppeteer, navigate to the application and generate events and impressions.

# Script

- `npm run dev`: starts Webpack with watch flag and NodeJS server with Nodemon, so that the application is rebuilt and the server restarted on file changes in the `/client` and `/server` folders respectively, for development purposes.
- `npm run build`: builds the two variants of the application.
- `npm run serve`: builds the two variants of the application and starts the NodeJS server.
- `npm run automation`: runs the automation script.

# Tutorial - Web Vitals - Viewing and analyzing webpage performance measurements in Split

If you'd like to see how to set up the feature flags in Split UI and automatically create metrics for the Web Vitals measurements captured in this code example, see the [blog](https://www.split.io/blog/): 'Instant feature impact detection for webpage performance: Split’s hidden gem'. Since you are already peering into the code, check it out and see Split's powerful IFID capabilities in action!
